# Candy Employee Hub

An Angular 11 webapp that would serve the plant employees of... the best candy factories  **(CF)** that want to keep current and improve employees quality of life.

## Running the Project

See `StockAngularREADME.md` for the default README generated by the Angular CLI that gives instructions on running things like builds or tests. The most important part:

> This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 11.0.1. Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

The DB runs from a [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/docs/database) project that must be shared with other users. See `documentation/Firebase.md` for more info.

## Project Goals

* Serve all levels of employees in a CF, from line workers to managers. All employees are VIPs and should realize that the CF management is making this website with their quality of life in mind.
* Save time over repeated tasks.
* Prevent feeling of uncertainty over access to key information while not in CF.
* Accessable on all devices and regardless of disability.
* *Get main maintainer a developer job at the best CF ;)*

## Documentation

The `documentation` folder contains: 
* `StockAngularREADME.md` generated by the Angular CLI.
* `Firebase.md` with links to Firebase docs and justifies why it is used in this webapp.
* `Notes on Udemy Course.md` documents the best practices that Michael is learning to impliment from a Udemy course on Angular 2020. 
